---
layout: post
title: "What You Need to Know About Max Studio Disassemble"
---

The video Max Studio Disassemble was posted after YouTuber MKBHD said that it was nearly impossible to open the Mac Studio due to its GPU and RAM upgrades, the high temperatures, and the aluminum chassis. Despite these challenges, Yuryev persevered and dismantled the aluminum chassis. Watch the video below to find out what he learned! You may want to watch it a second time, if you want to know how to fix your Mac faster.
## Mac Studio has a removable SSD module
The [업테크](https://uptechkr.com/) Mac Studio features a separate port for a removable SSD module. After unscrewing the first layer of components, the bottom case, and rubber ring, the extra port is visible. This port allows the user to install an SSD module later on. Apple has not yet announced a replacement for the Mac Studio's removable SSD. However, it may be available someday. However, it's not clear if the company plans to sell this type of upgrade module.
Luckily, all Mac Studio models come with a second connector for installing a removable SSD module. This feature lets you install a compatible NAND module. However, you'll need to perform a system reset before you can start upgrading the storage. The Studio also supports proprietary storage modules. If you're considering an upgrade, you may want to consider buying a separate Mac Studio. This option is available for a variety of price ranges.
## iFixit found that the SSD module is not soldered to the board
In an investigation of two Macs, iFixit discovered that the SSD module is not soldered to both the Mac Studio and the Mac mini. Interestingly, both the Mac Studio and the Mac mini have a second SSD slot, and the engineers noted that the drive has no solder joints. This makes upgrading the storage hard, but it may be possible for Mac users to install another drive. However, the combined RAM is soldered onto the board.
The Mac Studio's internal components are streamlined, and the hard drive SATA data and power cables are unified. However, the MacBook Pro's SSD is not compatible with a standard SSD. The logic board does not support upgrading memory, and the internal storage module can't be removed. However, the Mac Studio's RAM is soldered to the logic board, so it is not possible to swap out the storage module.
## iFixit rated the repairability of the Mac Studio at 6/10
The iFixit engineers dismantled a Mac Studio and its Studio Display to reveal interesting details about their internals. While the Mac Studio impressed the repair experts, they were not entirely satisfied with the other aspects of the device. While the Mac Studio scored six out of ten on iFixit's repairability scale, it is still a far cry from what most Apple devices can be repaired.
The thermal management system was praised by iFixit, as was the modular connectors. However, the iFixit teardown team did complain about the lack of upgradable storage and buried fans. Despite the positives, iFixit gave the Mac Studio a six-out-of-10 repairability rating, pointing out that it is possible to remove the entire case with a screwdriver.
## Ozone plugins for disassembly support are written in JavaScript
The disassembly support plugins in Ozone are written in JavaScript and use the basic language constructs supported by JavaScript. Plugin developers write the script code within a function and pass it to Ozone. They can load disassembly plugins in a project by calling Project.SetDisassemblyPlugin. A file path is required. The plugins can also be loaded by using the Set Script action.
The disassembly plugins in Ozone use the same JavaScript API as the Ozone disassembly support. The JavaScript API is documented in the Ozone user guide section "JavaScript Classes" and is compatible with Embedded Studio. An example of an implementation is an example of a custom instruction that adds support for on the RI5CY MCU core. This plugin also overrides the command "Project.SetDisassemblyPlugin" and displays the assembly code and flags basic information required for analysis.

